add first batch of changes (#17041)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/agent_configuration/_index.md

| `DD_TAGS`                      | Host tags separated by spaces. For example: `simple-tag-0 tag-key-1:tag-value-1`.                                                                                                                                  |
| `DD_SITE`                      | Destination site for your metrics, traces, and logs. Set your Datadog site to: `{{< region-param key="dd_site" >}}`. Defaults to `datadoghq.com`.                                                                  |
| `DD_DD_URL`                    | Optional setting to override the URL for metric submission.                                                                                                                                                        |
| `DD_URL`                       | Alias for `DD_DD_URL`. Ignored if `DD_DD_URL` is already set.                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`             | Enables trace collection. Defaults to `true`. Fore more information about additional trace collection environment variables.                                                                                       |

Author: do you mean `{{< region-param key="dd_site" >}}`?
I wanted to have the value `dd_site` returned. It seems to be working in the snapshot:
```
Destination site for your metrics, traces, and logs. Set your Datadog site to: datadoghq.com. Defaults to datadoghq.com.```

> | `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`             | Enables trace collection. Defaults to `true`. Fore more information about additional trace collection environment variables.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: sorry, i meant line 24: Enables trace collection. Defaults to `true`. Fore more information about additional trace collection environment variables.

| `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_COMPRESSION_LEVEL`            | The compression_level parameter accepts values from 0 (no compression) to 9 (maximum compression but higher resource usage). Only takes effect if `use_compression` is set to `true`.                                                |
| `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_BATCH_WAIT`                   | The maximum time the Datadog Agent waits to fill each batch of logs before sending. Default to 5                                                                                                                                     |
| `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_OPEN_FILES_LIMIT`             | The maximum number of files that can be tailed in parallel. Default is 500.                                                                                                                                                          |
| `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_FILE_WILDCARD_SELECTION_MODE` | The strategy used to prioritize wildcard matches if they exceed the open file limit. Choices are `by_name` and `by_modification_time`.                                                                                               |

> | `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_LAMBDA_LOGS_TYPE`             | Source of logs to export. Value permitted is a space separated list of `function`, `platform`, `extension`. Default is everything.                                                                                                   |

Author: you mean `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_LAMBDA_LOGS_TYPE`?
I think the example is `function platform extension` or any combination of them, omitting means all 3 of them

> | `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_LAMBDA_LOGS_TYPE`             | Source of logs to export. Value permitted is a space separated list of `function`, `platform`, `extension`. Default is everything.                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_LAMBDA_LOGS_TYPE`             | Source of logs to export. Value permitted is a space separated list of `function`, `platform`, or `extension`. For example: `function extension` exports function and extension logs. By default, all three types of logs (function, platform, and extension) are exported.                                                                                                  |
```

| `DD_APM_IGNORE_RESOURCES` | An exclusion list of regular expressions can be provided to disable certain traces based on their resource name all entries must be surrounded by double quotes and separated by commas.                                              |
| `DD_APM_LOG_THROTTLING`   | Limits the total number of warnings and errors to 10 for every 10 second interval.                                                                                                                                                    |

### Advanced networking configuration

| Env Variable             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `DD_SKIP_SSL_VALIDATION` | Setting this option to "true" tells the Agent to skip validation of SSL/TLS certificates. Defaults: false                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SKIP_SSL_VALIDATION` | Set this option to `true` to tell the Agent to skip validation of SSL/TLS certificates. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `DD_MIN_TLS_VERSION`     | This option defines the minimum TLS version that will be used when submitting data to the Datadog intake specified in "site" or "dd_url". This parameter defaults to "tlsv1.2". Possible values are: tlsv1.0, tlsv1.1, tlsv1.2, tlsv1.3; values are case-insensitive. Default: "tlsv1.2" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_MIN_TLS_VERSION`     | This option defines the minimum TLS version for submitting data to the Datadog intake specified in `DD_SITE` or `DD_URL`. Possible values are: `tlsv1.0`, `tlsv1.1`, `tlsv1.2`, or `tlsv1.3`. Values are case-insensitive. Defaults to `tlsv1.2`. |
```

|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC`                  | Listen to DogStatsD packets from other containers (required to send custom metrics).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_SOCKET`                             | Path to the unix socket to listen to. Must be in a `rw` mounted volume.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_SOCKET`                             | Path to the Unix socket to listen to. Must be in a `rw` mounted volume.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`                   | Enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`                   | Enable container detection and tagging for Unix socket metrics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAGS`                               | Additional tags to append to all metrics, events, and service checks received by this DogStatsD server, for example: `"env:golden group:retrievers"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAGS`                               | Space-separated list of additional tags to append to all metrics, events, and service checks received by this DogStatsD server. For example: `"env:golden group:retrievers"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

does this list have to be surrounded by double-quotes as in the example, or is that a typo?

| `DD_USE_DOGSTATSD`                                | Enable or disable sending custom metrics from the DogStatsD library.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_PORT`                               | Override the Agent DogStatsD port.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `DD_BIND_HOST`                                    | The host to listen on for Dogstatsd and traces. This is ignored by APM when `apm_config.apm_non_local_traffic` is enabled and ignored by DogStatsD when `dogstatsd_non_local_traffic` is enabled. The trace-agent uses this host to send metrics to. The `localhost` default value is invalid in IPv6 environments where dogstatsd listens on "::1". To solve this problem, ensure Dogstatsd is listening on IPv4 by setting this value to "127.0.0.1". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_BIND_HOST`                                    | The host to listen on for DogStatsD and traces. This is ignored by APM when `apm_config.apm_non_local_traffic` is enabled and ignored by DogStatsD when `dogstatsd_non_local_traffic` is enabled. The Trace Agent uses this host to send metrics to. <br/> **Note**: The `localhost` default value is invalid in IPv6 environments where DogStatsD listens on `::1`. To solve this problem, ensure DogStatsD is listening on IPv4 by setting this value to `127.0.0.1`. |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION_CLIENT`            | Whether the Agent should use a client-provided container ID to enrich the metrics, events and service checks with container tags. Note: This requires using a client compatible with DogStatsD protocol version 1.2.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION_CLIENT`            | When set to `true`, the Agent uses a client-provided container ID to enrich the metrics, events, and service checks with container tags. <br/> **Note**: This requires using a client compatible with DogStatsD protocol version 1.2.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_BUFFER_SIZE`                        | The buffer size use to receive statsd packets, in bytes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_BUFFER_SIZE`                        | The buffer size used to receive StatsD packets, in bytes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_ENABLE`                       | Publish DogStatsD's internal stats as Go expvars.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_QUEUE_SIZE`                         | Configure the internal queue size of the Dogstatsd server. Reducing the size of this queue will reduce the maximum memory usage of the Dogstatsd server but as a trade-off, it could increase the number of packet drops.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_QUEUE_SIZE`                         | Configure the internal queue size of the DogStatsD server. Reducing the size of this queue reduces the maximum memory usage of the DogStatsD server, but can also increase the number of packet drops.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_BUFFER`                       | Set how many items should be in the DogStatsD's stats circular buffer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_PORT`                         | The port for the go_expvar server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_PORT`                         | The port for the Go expvar server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_SO_RCVBUF`                          | The number of bytes allocated to DogStatsD's socket receive buffer (POSIX system only) By default, the system sets this value. If you need to increase the size of this buffer but keep the OS default value the same, you can set DogStatsD's receive buffer size here. The maximum accepted value might change depending on the OS.                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_SO_RCVBUF`                          | **POSIX systems only**: Sets the number of bytes allocated to DogStatsD's socket receive buffer. By default, the OS sets this value. Use this variable to increase the size of the buffer without altering the OS default value. The maximum accepted value depends on the OS.                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_METRICS_STATS_ENABLE`               | Set this parameter to true to have DogStatsD collects basic statistics (count/last seen) about the metrics it processed. Use the Agent command "dogstatsd-stats" to visualize those statistics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_METRICS_STATS_ENABLE`               | When set to `true`, DogStatsD collects basic statistics (count/last seen) about the metrics it processed. Use the Agent command `dogstatsd-stats` to see these statistics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_NO_AGGREGATION_PIPELINE`            | Enable the no-aggregation pipeline in DogStatsD: a pipeline receiving metrics with timestamp and forwarding them to the intake without extra processing except for tagging.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_NO_AGGREGATION_PIPELINE`            | Enable the no-aggregation pipeline in DogStatsD. This pipeline receives metrics with timestamps and forwards them to the intake without extra processing, except for tagging.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_NO_AGGREGATION_PIPELINE_BATCH_SIZE` | How many metrics maximum in payloads sent by the no-aggregation pipeline to the intake.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `DD_STATSD_FORWARD_HOST`                          | Forward every packet received by the DogStatsD server to another statsd server. Make sure that forwarded packets are regular statsd packets and not "DogStatsD" packets, as your other statsd server might not be able to handle them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_STATSD_FORWARD_HOST`                          | Forward every packet received by the DogStatsD server to another StatsD server. Make sure that forwarded packets are regular StatsD packets and **not** DogStatsD packets, as your other StatsD server might not be able to handle them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `DD_STATSD_FORWARD_PORT`                          | Port or the "statsd_forward_host" to forward StatsD packet to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_STATSD_FORWARD_PORT`                          | Port to forward StatsD packets to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | `DD_STATSD_METRIC_NAMESPACE`                      | Set a namespace for all StatsD metrics coming from this host. Each metric received is prefixed with the namespace before it's sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_STATSD_METRIC_NAMESPACE`                      | Set a namespace for all StatsD metrics coming from this host. Each metric received is prefixed with the namespace before it is sent to Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

| `DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET`  | Accept traces through Unix Domain Sockets. It is off by default. When set, it must point to a valid socket file.                                                                                                                      |
| `DD_APM_DD_URL`           | Define the endpoint and port to hit when using a proxy for APM. The traces are forwarded in TCP therefore the proxy must be able to handle TCP connections. <ENDPOINT>:<PORT>                                                         |
| `DD_APM_REPLACE_TAGS`     | Defines a set of rules to replace or remove certain resources, tags containing potentially sensitive [information][3].                                                                                                                |
| `DD_APM_IGNORE_RESOURCES` | An exclusion list of regular expressions can be provided to disable certain traces based on their resource name all entries must be surrounded by double quotes and separated by commas.                                              |

> | `DD_APM_LOG_FILE`         | The full path to the file where APM-agent logs are written.                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: Not sure if the APM log file location will be particularly relevant, since customers won't have a way to easily collect it.

| `DD_APM_LOG_THROTTLING`   | Limits the total number of warnings and errors to 10 for every 10 second interval.                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `DD_APM_CONNECTION_LIMIT` | The APM [connection limit][4] for the Agent.                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: Also probably not relevant, since connections are 1-1

### Advanced networking configuration

| Env Variable             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_SKIP_SSL_VALIDATION` | Setting this option to "true" tells the Agent to skip validation of SSL/TLS certificates. Defaults: false                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `DD_SSLKEYLOGFILE`       | Specifies a destination for TLS master secrets in NSS key log format to allow external programs such as Wireshark to decrypt TLS connections. For more details, see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/NSS/Key_Log_Format. Use of sslkeylogfile compromises security and should only be used for debugging. |

Reviewer 2: Not sure if there is an easy way for customers to use this one inside lambda either

> | `DD_MIN_TLS_VERSION`     | This option defines the minimum TLS version that will be used when submitting data to the Datadog intake specified in "site" or "dd_url". This parameter defaults to "tlsv1.2". Possible values are: tlsv1.0, tlsv1.1, tlsv1.2, tlsv1.3; values are case-insensitive. Default: "tlsv1.0"                                           |

Reviewer 2: Wait, we default to accepting an insecure TLS version?

Author: It seems a typo in the comment, there is some redundancy there
https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/pkg/config/config_template.yaml#L67
in reality it's v2
https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/pkg/config/config.go#L389

thanks for catching it!

to enable them:

| Env Variable               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_APM_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` | Allow non-local traffic when [tracing from other containers][16].                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `DD_LOGS_ENABLED`          | Enable [log collection][17] with the Logs Agent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED` | Enable [live process collection][18] with the Process Agent. The [live container view][19] is already enabled by default if the Docker socket is available. If set to `false`, the [live process collection][18] and the [live container view][19] are disabled. |

Reviewer 2: Don't think we support the process agent.

|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC`                  | Listen to DogStatsD packets from other containers (required to send custom metrics).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `DD_HISTOGRAM_PERCENTILES`                        | The histogram percentiles to compute (separated by spaces). The default is `0.95`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: Not relevant to serverless, we don't support histograms

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_SO_RCVBUF`                          | The number of bytes allocated to DogStatsD's socket receive buffer (POSIX system only) By default, the system sets this value. If you need to increase the size of this buffer but keep the OS default value the same, you can set DogStatsD's receive buffer size here. The maximum accepted value might change depending on the OS.                                                                                                                   |
| `DD_DOGSTATSD_METRICS_STATS_ENABLE`               | Set this parameter to true to have DogStatsD collects basic statistics (count/last seen) about the metrics it processed. Use the Agent command "dogstatsd-stats" to visualize those statistics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `DD_DOGSTATSD_ENTITY_ID_PRECEDENCE`               | Disable enriching Dogstatsd metrics with tags from "origin detection" when Entity-ID is set.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Author: I will just remove it for now

| `DD_METADATA_PROVIDERS`                           | Metadata providers, add or remove from the list to enable or disable collection. Intervals are expressed in seconds. You can also set a provider's interval to 0 to disable it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

### Misc

| Env Variable                    | Description                                                                          |
|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `DD_CHECKS_TAG_CARDINALITY`     | Configure the level of granularity of tags to send for checks metrics and events.    |

Author: removing them for now then

| `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAG_CARDINALITY`  | Configure the level of granularity of tags to send for DogStatsD metrics and events. |
| `DD_INTERNAL_PROFILING_ENABLED` | Enable internal profiling for the trace-agent process.                               |

You can add extra listeners and config providers using the `DD_EXTRA_LISTENERS` and `DD_EXTRA_CONFIG_PROVIDERS`
environment variables. They are added in addition to the variables defined in the `listeners` and `config_providers`
section of the `datadog.yaml` configuration file.

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/pkg/config/config_template.yaml

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection/#global-processing-rules

[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/configure_data_security/#replace-rules-for-tag-filtering

[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/troubleshooting/agent_rate_limits/#max-connection-limit

[5]: /developers/dogstatsd/

> 

Author: added!
